Add redirection from latest to v0.18.z (#190)
operator-framework/olm-docs: content/en/docs/Concepts/olm-architecture/operator-catalog/creating-an-update-graph.md

    Creating an update graph with OLM
---

> >Note: This document discusses creating a creating an upgrade graph for your operator using plaintext files to store catalog metadata, which is the [latest feature][[file-based-catalog-spec]] of OLM catalogs. If you are looking to create an upgrade graph for your operator using a sqllite database to store catalog metadata instead, please read the [v0.18.z version][v0.18.z-version] of this doc instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>Note: This document discusses creating a creating an upgrade graph for your operator using plaintext files to store catalog metadata, which is the [latest feature][[file-based-catalog-spec]] of OLM catalogs. If you are looking to create an upgrade graph for your operator using the deprecated sqlite database format to store catalog metadata instead, please read the [v0.18.z version][v0.18.z-version] of this doc instead.
```
